Define `trio.Event.__bool__()` to reduce bugs (#3322)
python-trio/trio: newsfragments/3322.deprecated.txt

> Implement `trio.Event.__bool__` and have it raise a `DeprecationWarning` and tell users to use `trio.Event.is_set` instead. Would be caught earlier with `mypy --enable-error-code=truthy-bool`, this is for users who don't use mypy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implement ``bool(trio.Event)`` and have it raise a `DeprecationWarning` and tell users to use `trio.Event.is_set` instead. This is an alternative to ``mypy --enable-error-code=truthy-bool`` for users who don't use type checking.
```
